the goal today is to catch snook on cup
bait and lures let's see what happens
pick snug big stuck
position
that's a giant dude let me drive please
keep that thing in here Oh blue the size
of that snook guys that's it that's the
biggest looking I record my life right
there that's a monster you ready yeah
41 and a quarter what do you want 41 a
quarter there he goes the biggest snook
of my life
go stop right the fish was off or we
thought it was off and now it's back on
again I don't know I don't think so bro
you think like the silk oh no this is a
discard go it's getting close
it's a black tip
look first but I think you lost
I think the bait came out these little
scrapper that's an impressive ketchup oh
it's fine I'm falling on a little eight
oh I'm not even too frayed up you bent
your hook out a little bit Hank I'm
sorry I think we got a good fish on pick
Snooks yeah that's a big scoop my gosh
mess up that's a stunt kid right every
time there's a nice truck you ready yeah
it's cool I got it here over 40 besides
that's not bad that's got a chest on it
Wow there you go huge no congratulation
huh thank you
gone right here nice tissue that oh wow
really nice fish on a lure
solid 33 34 inches let's let them go
well it's past midnight and we're going
to call it a night we caught three
really nice fish to snook over 40 inches
Jason caught a really nice black tip
overall it was a really great day
fishing on the beach we'll see you guys
next time black tip h fishing is brought
to you by bull Buster brand direct
fishing lines like copia guys look at
that cobia we got a die man Wow that's a
good cobia